visits family
visit family
visit church
visits church
goes to church
attends church
close friend
close friends
family connection
friend connection
family visit
has brother
have bother
have bother
has sister
have sister
has family
have family
has friend
have friend
has friends
have friends
has close friends
has close friend
have close friends
have close friend
has a good friend 
have a good friend 
has good friends 
have good friends
has many friends
have many friends
sees friend
sees friends
has special person
have special person
close relationship with
#added 021623
#friend
#friends
attends church
going to church
was popular
is popular
community activities
community activity
#wedding  ##deleted 071823
support network
social network
social activity
increased social activity
#socialization deleted 12/29/23
Increased socialization
#added 050223
social support network
attending church
active in her church
active in his church
active in his religious
active in her religious
active in her mosque
active in her synagogue
active in her temple
active in his mosque
active in his synagogue
active in his temple
#added 12/29/23
Commune
Lives with friend
Domiciled with friend
Lives with friends
Domiciled with friends
moved in with friends
#added 1/5/24
See friends
With friends
with friend
Friend of a friend
Club house
Reports having friends
Reported having friends
Mutual friends
Staying at a friend's
Staying at friend's
Has lots of friends
Family meeting

